Planning Document for "Super Soviet Socialist Plumber Hero Brothers"!

The super special aesthetic choices:

Opressive Red colour scheme, especially for "Karl the hero plumber"
Initially in Russian using the "Soviet Font", then it changes to English
in the same font.
We are all brothers in communism, comrade. Hence the name.
Enemies are the tools of capatilism such as wealth and pop music.
The big boss is Capitalist pig, a pig in a top hat.

Gameplay choices:

Will essentially play like Mario, with the character fixed on the centre
of the screen and only really able to move up and down by jummping 
or falling. The terrain will be the real movement.
Enemies will move in predetermined patterns and will be certain death
unless stomped on or an ability is used on them (Like righteous Soviet
Hammer of Doom).

The terrain will ideally be procedurally generated but that may have to
be curtailed so that the terrain can be navigable. The terrain will
essentially be a line that is seperated into equally spaced chunks.
Each of these chunks can be of a seperated height or the same height.
The terrain will move across the screen and so give the illusion of
movement for the main character. The terrain will also be the main source
of collision and will define the end of the gravity vector that will be
used to give all entities weight. This will also facilitate the jump 
function and the "pit of death" function. If the player drops below
the screen, a life is lost and the game restarts.

There will also be collectables and power ups to augment the 
experience for the player. It will add an extra demension to gameplay
(figuratively of course, it's still gonna be 2D) and another way 
to calculate HI SCORES.

The enemies will be on a fixed pattern based on the terrain
(for instance, an enemy may move in a loop over a section of
level terrain and turn when elevation or depression is approached).

I aim for several iterations of this game, each major iteration 
implementing new features. 

For the first iteration, I will implement the foundational elements
such as terrain, movement, jumping, basic aesthetics.

The second iteration will add the enemies and the ending of the game.

The third iteration will add items and the abilities.

The fourth and final iteration will add the finalised style of the game
including sounds and sprites, HI SCORES, menu.

